[17.0][ADD] procurement_purchase_requisition_generation: New module (#2568)
OCA/purchase-workflow: procurement_purchase_requisition_generation/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module restores the purchase_requisition functionality of v15 in which purchas.requisition is generated instead of purchase.order.

Reviewer: This is a user description, so better to avoid technical names

```suggestion
This module restores the v15 functionality in which you can configure products for generating purchase tenders instead of draft purchase orders.
```
